[docs]Update COMMUNITY.md with PowerOCR and PowerAccent (#20162)
microsoft/PowerToys: COMMUNITY.md

Initial base of jjw24's fork, which makes it the base of PowerToys Run.

### [Text-Grab](https://github.com/TheJoeFin/Text-Grab) - Joseph Finney

> Image to Text is based on Joe Finney's Text Grab.

Reviewer: I want to directly reference Joe contributing / developing it.

```suggestion
Joe helped develop and contribute to the Image to Text utility.  It is directly based on his Text Grab application.
```
